This is for the second exam:

2.JavaScript assessment: Please answer the following questions

2.1. In the following code snippet can you please predict the output and / or explain the error?

ANSWER: Empty fragment will be considered as string inside an element therefore it will only show this:
 
<>Sample: TEST MY JS<>/h2>

and also the script is not correct since the property that it is setting to is null and the second declaration of the variable with the same name will throw 'undefined'

2.3 In the following code snippet can you please predict the output and / or explain the error?

ANSWER: Same goes with the title, and first_num will throw an error since it is using const it has no initializer therefor it will not show in the DOM so rather than using const you can use let to re-initialize the variable

2.4. What browsers are you using for debugging and how ?

ANSWER: I am currently using chrome since it has a lot of features and extensions that I can use not just for debugging but to help me developed a website and also for now it is the most used browser.

2.5. What’s the difference between a variable that is: null, undefined or undeclared? How would you go about checking for any of these states? 

ANSWER: null is a value of a variable and is a type of object. We use ‘console. log ();’ and ‘type of’ to check if a variable is undefined or null. undeclared variables is a variable that has been declared without ‘var’ keyword.

2.6. 
2.6.1. Describe the basic functionality of this function?

ANSWER: This code attaches an event listener to the element with the ID filter_button_up. The event being listened for is the “keydown” event. When this event occurs, the specified function is executed

2.6.2. Why is the preventDefault() function necessary here?

ANSWER: The e.preventDefault() If the condition is met this line prevents the default action associated with the event. In this case, it prevents the browser’s default behavior related to the “Tab” key.


2.7. What is the purpose of this setTimeout() function:
ANSWER: To introduce a delay or to execute a particular function after a specified amount of time has passed.

2.8. How would you make the following form ADA compliant?

ANSWER: you need to check the list of rules that you need to apply in your website to ensure that person with disabilities and also the people who don't have any background of using a technology could also access your website without any hassle such as putting an 'alt' in the images and videos, has an accessible color contrast and fonts, add caption and transcribe video content for the people with hearing impairments and more.

2.9: What html code will be generated by the following block of code?

ANSWER: it should have a li that has 2 span in it. It should display an unorder list with black marker without any label. but it shows an error due to the '$'
  